README.md, before:

# Flask Redis AWS Account Registration Confirmation

This repository demonstrates how to build a Flask application to send confirmation emails using Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) and Redis Queue (RQ). The project includes a complete workflow for client/server email confirmation.

## Table of Contents

1. [Project Description](#project-description)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Requirements](#requirements)
4. [Installation](#installation)
5. [Configuration](#configuration)
4. [Email confirmation Workflow](#email-confirmation-workflow)



## Features

- User registration with email confirmation
- Sending emails using Amazon SES
- Asynchronous email processing with Redis Queue

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- Flask
- Docker
- Redis
- Amazon SES credentials

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    Using HTTPS:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation.git
    cd flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation
    ```

    Using SSH:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:yourusername/flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation.git
    cd flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation
    ```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:

    ```sh
    python3 -m venv .venv
    source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `.venv\Scripts\activate`
    ```

3. Install the dependencies:

    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
4. Set up your environment variables:

    ```sh
    export FLASK_ENV=development
    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=your-access-key-id
    export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=your-secret-access-key
    export AWS_REGION=your-aws-region
    export REDIS_URL=redis://redis:6379/0
    ```
## Configuration

Make sure to set up your AWS SES credentials and verify your sender email in the AWS SES console.

## Client/Server Email Confirmation Workflow

1. **User Registration**: The user fills out the registration form and submits it.
2. **Email Queue**: The server adds the email confirmation task to the Redis queue.
3. **Email Sending**: The Redis worker picks up the task and sends a confirmation email using Amazon SES.
4. **Email Confirmation**: The user receives the email and clicks on the confirmation link.
5. **Account Activation**: The server processes the confirmation link and activates the user's account.

Commit message:

doc: update README.md project description

README.md, after:

# Flask Redis AWS Account Registration Confirmation

The application provides a simple user registration flow with email confirmation. It uses Redis Queue to handle the email sending process in the background, ensuring that the main application remains responsive. Amazon SES is used to send the confirmation emails, leveraging its reliability and scalability.

## Email Confirmation Workflow

## Table of Contents

1. [Project Description](#project-description)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Requirements](#requirements)
4. [Installation](#installation)
5. [Configuration](#configuration)
4. [Email confirmation Workflow](#email-confirmation-workflow)



## Features

- User registration with email confirmation
- Sending emails using Amazon SES
- Asynchronous email processing with Redis Queue

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- Flask
- Docker
- Redis
- Amazon SES credentials

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    Using HTTPS:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation.git
    cd flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation
    ```

    Using SSH:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:yourusername/flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation.git
    cd flask-redis-aws-registration-confirmation
    ```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:

    ```sh
    python3 -m venv .venv
    source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `.venv\Scripts\activate`
    ```

3. Install the dependencies:

    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
4. Set up your environment variables:

    ```sh
    export FLASK_ENV=development
    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=your-access-key-id
    export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=your-secret-access-key
    export AWS_REGION=your-aws-region
    export REDIS_URL=redis://redis:6379/0
    ```
## Configuration

Make sure to set up your AWS SES credentials and verify your sender email in the AWS SES console.

## Client/Server Email Confirmation Workflow

1. **User Registration**: The user fills out the registration form and submits it.
2. **Email Queue**: The server adds the email confirmation task to the Redis queue.
3. **Email Sending**: The Redis worker picks up the task and sends a confirmation email using Amazon SES.
4. **Email Confirmation**: The user receives the email and clicks on the confirmation link.
5. **Account Activation**: The server processes the confirmation link and activates the user's account.
